[docs] Note that SSO Expo CLI support only in 50+ (#25457)
expo/expo: docs/pages/accounts/sso.mdx

### Expo CLI

> > Available from SDK 50. For previous versions, the Expo CLI will use your SSO account after logging in via the EAS CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only available with SDK 50+. For previous versions, the Expo CLI will use your SSO account after logging in via the EAS CLI.
```

Reviewer 2: @keith-kurak, let's update this to something "SDK 50 and above" (in general, we should avoid using symbols as per [this writing styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#symbols-as-words)
